Added overlay and overlay_compute_ngd (#7)
NCATSTranslator/OperationsAndWorkflows: examples/overlay/README.md

# Overlay example

> The OVERLAY operation accepts (a message with) xxxxxxx and returns (a message with) results xxxxx.

Reviewer: @finnagin @ShaopengLiu1 What is intended behind the `xxxxxxx`?

Author: I think this may have been a placeholder to edit once we hammered out the details.

TODO: @finnagin to flesh this out to be similar to the readme in `fill_and_filter`.

# Overlay example

> The OVERLAY operation accepts (a message with) a query graph and returns (a message with) a query graph with at least one additional query graph edge. It also may (but is not garuenteed to) add aditional knowledge graph edges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OVERLAY operation accepts (a message with) a query graph and returns (a message with) a query graph with at least one additional query graph edge. It also may (but is not guaranteed to) add additional knowledge graph edges.
```
